+++
title = "google_compute_external_vpn_gateway resource"
platform = "gcp"
draft = false
gh_repo = "inspec-gcp"

[menu.gcp]
title = "google_compute_external_vpn_gateway"
identifier = "inspec/resources/gcp/google_compute_external_vpn_gateway resource"
parent = "inspec/resources/gcp"
+++

Use the `google_compute_external_vpn_gateway` InSpec audit resource to to test a Google Cloud externalVpnGateway resource.

## Examples

```ruby
describe google_compute_external_vpn_gateway(project: 'chef-gcp-inspec', name: 'external-gateway') do
  it { should exist }
  it { should be_up }
end
```

## Properties

Properties that can be accessed from the `google_compute_external_vpn_gateway` resource:


  * `creation_timestamp`: Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.

  * `redundancy_type`: Indicates the user-supplied redundancy type of this external VPN gateway.
  Possible values:
    * SINGLE_IP_INTERNALLY_REDUNDANT
    * TWO_IPS_REDUNDANCY
    * FOUR_IPS_REDUNDANCY

  * `interfaces`: A list of interfaces for this external VPN gateway. If your peer-side gateway is an on-premises gateway and non-AWS cloud providers gateway, at most two interfaces can be provided for an external VPN gateway. If your peer side is an AWS virtual private gateway, four interfaces should be provided for an external VPN gateway.

    * `id`: The numeric ID of this interface. The allowed input values for this id for different redundancy types of external VPN gateway: SINGLE_IP_INTERNALLY_REDUNDANT - 0 TWO_IPS_REDUNDANCY - 0, 1 FOUR_IPS_REDUNDANCY - 0, 1, 2, 3'

    * `ip_address`: IP address of the interface in the external VPN gateway. Only IPv4 is supported. This IP address can be either from your on-premise gateway or another Cloud provider's VPN gateway, it cannot be an IP address from Google Compute Engine.

  * `labels`: map (key: string, value: string) Labels for this resource. These can only be added or modified by the setLabels method. Each label key/value pair must comply with RFC1035. Label values may be empty. An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.

  * `label_fingerprint`: A fingerprint for the labels being applied to this ExternalVpnGateway, which is essentially a hash of the labels set used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every request to modify or update labels. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change labels, otherwise the request will fail with error 412 conditionNotMet. To see the latest fingerprint, make a get() request to retrieve an ExternalVpnGateway.

  * `next_page_token`: This token allows you to get the next page of results for list requests. If the number of results is larger than maxResults, use the nextPageToken as a value for the query parameter pageToken in the next list request. Subsequent list requests will have their own nextPageToken to continue paging through the results.

  * `description`: An optional textual description of the resource.

  * `id`: The unique identifier for the resource.

  * `name`: Name of the resource.


## GCP permissions

Ensure the [Compute Engine API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/compute.googleapis.com/) is enabled for the current project.
