+++
title = "google_apigee_organization_api resource"
platform = "gcp"
draft = false
gh_repo = "inspec-gcp"

[menu.inspec]
title = "google_apigee_organization_api"
identifier = "inspec/resources/gcp/google_apigee_organization_api Resource"
parent = "inspec/resources/gcp"
+++

## Syntax
A `google_apigee_organization_api` is used to test a Google OrganizationApi resource

## Examples
```
describe google_apigee_organization_api(parent: ' value_parent', name: ' value_name') do
	it { should exist }
	its('latest_revision_id') { should cmp 'value_latestrevisionid' }
	its('api_proxy_type') { should cmp 'value_apiproxytype' }
	its('name') { should cmp 'value_name' }

end

describe google_apigee_organization_api(parent: ' value_parent', name: "does_not_exit") do
	it { should_not exist }
end
```

## Properties
Properties that can be accessed from the `google_apigee_organization_api` resource:


  * `revision`: Output only. List of revisions defined for the API proxy.

  * `latest_revision_id`: Output only. The id of the most recently created revision for this api proxy.

  * `meta_data`: Metadata common to many entities in this API.

    * `last_modified_at`: Time at which the API proxy was most recently modified, in milliseconds since epoch.

    * `created_at`: Time at which the API proxy was created, in milliseconds since epoch.

    * `sub_type`: The type of entity described

  * `api_proxy_type`: Output only. The type of the API proxy.
  Possible values:
    * API_PROXY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED
    * PROGRAMMABLE
    * CONFIGURABLE

  * `read_only`: Output only. Whether this proxy is read-only. A read-only proxy cannot have new revisions created through calls to CreateApiProxyRevision. A proxy is read-only if it was generated by an archive.

  * `labels`: User labels applied to this API Proxy.

    * `additional_properties`:

  * `name`: Output only. Name of the API proxy.


## GCP Permissions

Ensure the [Apigee API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/apigee.googleapis.com/) is enabled for the current project.
