+++
title = "google_compute_interconnect resource"
platform = "gcp"
draft = false
gh_repo = "inspec-gcp"

[menu.inspec]
title = "google_compute_interconnect"
identifier = "inspec/resources/gcp/google_compute_interconnect Resource"
parent = "inspec/resources/gcp"
+++

## Syntax
A `google_compute_interconnect` is used to test a Google Interconnect resource

## Examples
```
describe google_compute_interconnect(project: 'chef-gcp-inspec') do
  it { should exist }
end
```

## Properties
Properties that can be accessed from the `google_compute_interconnect` resource:


  * `admin_enabled`: Administrative status of the interconnect. When this is set to true, the Interconnect is functional and can carry traffic. When set to false, no packets can be carried over the interconnect and no BGP routes are exchanged over it. By default, the status is set to true.

  * `creation_timestamp`: Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.This field is deprecated.

  * `description`: A description about the purpose of the outage.

  * `location`: URL of the InterconnectLocation object that represents where this connection is to be provisioned.

  * `id`: The unique identifier for the resource.

  * `name`: Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])? which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

  * `noc_contact_email`: Email address to contact the customer NOC for operations and maintenance notifications regarding this Interconnect. If specified, this will be used for notifications in addition to all other forms described, such as Stackdriver logs alerting and Cloud Notifications.

  * `peer_ip_address`: IP address configured on the customer side of the Interconnect link. The customer should configure this IP address during turnup when prompted by Google NOC. This can be used only for ping tests.

  * `google_ip_address`: IP address configured on the customer side of the Interconnect link. The customer should configure this IP address during turnup when prompted by Google NOC. This can be used only for ping tests.

  * `client_operation_id`: The value of requestId if you provided it in the request. Not present otherwise.

  * `google_reference_id`: Google reference ID to be used when raising support tickets with Google or otherwise to debug backend connectivity issues.

  * `provisioned_link_count`: Number of links actually provisioned in this interconnect.

  * `customer_name`: Customer name, to put in the Letter of Authorization as the party authorized to request a crossconnect.

  * `requested_link_count`: Customer name, to put in the Letter of Authorization as the party authorized to request a crossconnect.

  * `operational_status`: The current status of this Interconnect's functionality, which can take one of the following values: * OS_ACTIVE: A valid Interconnect, which is turned up and is ready to use. Attachments may be provisioned on this Interconnect. * OS_UNPROVISIONED: An Interconnect that has not completed turnup. No attachments may be provisioned on this Interconnect. * OS_UNDER_MAINTENANCE: An Interconnect that is undergoing internal maintenance. No attachments may be provisioned or updated on this Interconnect.
  Possible values:
    * OS_ACTIVE
    * OS_UNPROVISIONED
    * OS_UNDER_MAINTENANCE

  * `link_type`: Type of link requested, which can take one of the following values: * LINK_TYPE_ETHERNET_10G_LR: A 10G Ethernet with LR optics * LINK_TYPE_ETHERNET_100G_LR: A 100G Ethernet with LR optics. Note that this field indicates the speed of each of the links in the bundle, not the speed of the entire bundle.
  Possible values:
    * LINK_TYPE_ETHERNET_10G_LR
    * LINK_TYPE_ETHERNET_100G_LR

  * `interconnect_type`: Type of interconnect, which can take one of the following values: * PARTNER: A partner-managed interconnection shared between customers though a partner. * DEDICATED: A dedicated physical interconnection with the customer. Note that a value IT_PRIVATE has been deprecated in favor of DEDICATED.
  Possible values:
    * PARTNER
    * DEDICATED

  * `interconnect_attachments`: A list of the URLs of all InterconnectAttachments configured to use this Interconnect.

  * `expected_outages`: A list of outages expected for this Interconnect.

    * `name`: Unique identifier for this outage notification.

    * `description`: A description about the purpose of the outage.

    * `source`: The party that generated this notification, which can take the following value: * GOOGLE: this notification as generated by Google. Note that the value of NSRC_GOOGLE has been deprecated in favor of GOOGLE.
    Possible values:
      * GOOGLE

    * `state`: State of this notification, which can take one of the following values: * ACTIVE: This outage notification is active. The event could be in the past, present, or future.See startTime and endTime for scheduling. * CANCELLED: The outage associated with this notification was cancelled before the outage was due to start. * COMPLETED: The outage associated with this notification is complete. Note that the versions of this enum prefixed with "NS_" have been deprecated in favor of the unprefixed values.
    Possible values:
      * ACTIVE
      * CANCELLED
      * COMPLETED

    * `issue_type`: Form this outage is expected to take, which can take one of the following values: * OUTAGE: The Interconnect may be completely out of service for some or all of the specified window. * PARTIAL_OUTAGE: Some circuits comprising the Interconnect as a whole should remain up, but with reduced bandwidth. Note that the versions of this enum prefixed with "IT_" have been deprecated in favor of the unprefixed values.
    Possible values:
      * OUTAGE
      * PARTIAL_OUTAGE

    * `affected_circuits`: If issueType is IT_PARTIAL_OUTAGE, a list of the Google-side circuit IDs that will be affected.

    * `start_time`: Scheduled start time for the outage (milliseconds since Unix epoch).

    * `end_time`: Scheduled end time for the outage (milliseconds since Unix epoch).

  * `circuit_infos`: A list of CircuitInfo objects, that describe the individual circuits in this LAG.

    * `google_circuit_id`: Google-assigned unique ID for this circuit. Assigned at circuit turn-up.

    * `google_demarc_id`: Google-assigned unique ID for this circuit. Assigned at circuit turn-up.

    * `customer_demarc_id`: Customer-side demarc ID for this circuit.

  * `satisfies_pzs`: Set to true if the resource satisfies the zone separation organization policy constraints and false otherwise. Defaults to false if the field is not present.'


## GCP Permissions

Ensure the [Compute Engine API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/compute.googleapis.com/) is enabled for the current project.
